Hannah is looking for Betty's number. Amanda advises her to ask Larry, who called her last time they were at the park.
Eric and Rob are watching a Russian stand-up on youtube.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers. Bob advises him to choose the best quality.
Emma will be home soon. Will will pick her up.
Jane is back from Warsaw. Ollie has a party on the 18th. They will have lunch on Friday at 6 pm.
Hilary has got the keys. Benjamin wants to take the keys and take a nap. Hilary is having lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico at La Cantina at 2 pm. Elliot will join them.
Payton and Max are looking for a place to buy clothes and books.
Rita and Tina are bored at work.
Beatrice is in town, shopping. Leo doesn't want a scarf.
Eric doesn't know if he's coming to Ivan's brother's wedding. He has a lot to do at home and he's not sure if his parents would let him. Ivan will take care of his parents.
Wanda and Gina are planning a party. Wanda wants Gina to take her father's car and go shopping with her on Friday.
Martin won two cinema tickets for the new film with Redford. Martin and Aggie are going to see it at the end of the week.
Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer is Mrożek.
Ella and Tom are going by car. Ella rented a car.
Paul is looking for someone to join his Netflix family. Luke is the one. Paul will send him the login and password on Sunday. Luke wants the bank account details so he can wire Paul the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girlfriend.
Greg needs to stay after hours, so he can't pick up Johnny from kindergarten on Tuesdays. Betsy can't do it, because she has to work long hours. Greg will see what he can do.
Ethan, Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott.
Igor has a lot to do at work. John thinks it's irresponsible to give so much work to someone on their notice period. It's only two weeks left.
Clara is rewatching Dear White People on Netflix. Neela is watching the rest of a movie and is looking forward to the series 3 coming up next year.
Mike took his car to the garage today because someone crashed into a red honda looking just like his. Ernest is happy for him.
Beth wants to try work experience in the salon. Deidre will give her a tenner or so per session to start off for lunch, coffee and bus fare. Beth will meet with Maxine tomorrow after school.
Gloria and Emma are preparing for the exam. They have 4 hours of time for all 4 parts. Emma is going to read everything from the website.
Adam and Karen worry about May. May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call her friend who's a psychologist.
Mark lied to Anne about his age. He's 40.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Augustine, Darlene, Heather and Walker are going to buy him a paper shredder.
Kelly's place is a sculpture garden in Finnland. Ollie's is in Nagoro village in Japan.
Selah can't see the phone number very well. The phone of that person is off.
Bella and Eric's boss appreciated their decision to dismiss the request of their current client.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. Ben will come and wake her up at 4.15. They are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM.
Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine will chip in for the Refuge's Christmas foundation to help women and children who escape from abuse.
Mary is broke. Carter will lend her some box in an hour. Carter is at the train station.
Paula explains to Charlotte how to pronounce the name of the plant "Natal lily".
Jack and May are going to have a drink later.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack suggests she should rest.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. Serge and Andrei have an outstanding bill to pay with the company. Serge will let Andrei know if it works out.
Martina doesn't want to get her son a hamster for his birthday. She got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Mary, Lucas and Daniel are playing Inquisition.
Judy is attracted to jerks. It didn't work out with Andrew, because he wanted to fuck her. She likes Bruce, but she doesn't feel the butterflies about him.
Riley and James are watching a programme in which women undergo a complete metamorphosis. They think Chloe looks drop dead gorgeous.
Tina is impressed with the Emirate staff. Ala is on her way to a meeting.
Sebastian moved here a year ago. He is satisfied with his decisions. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side.
Son will try to come home this weekend. His mother and father miss him.
Ola and Momo are on a trip in Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Kate sent Ola Momo's scarf from Laos. Ola will look for a new one in a boutique shop.
Mike should ask Mary for John's number.
Joseph sends Ella a photo of Wujek Janek's tween cows. Ella wants to touch them.
Josh thinks Stephen took his notebook home. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele got a new dog, a 4-month-old biscuit lab called Chewy. The other cats keep their distance, Poppy and Lulu seem to mother him. Speedy wants to play.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke's. She will pick them up at 10 tonight.
Petra is sleepy and wants to sleep. Andy and Ezgi are working.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she is not interested.
Julia didn't know Tim was gay. Adam's friend saw him with a guy. Nate and Julia are his friends.
Lilly is going to be late. Gabriel will order some food for her.
Celine will drop by in the evening if Cara wants her to.
Derek will help Craig with his computer in 20 minutes.
Abigail's smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today.
Paul wants to buy red flowers. Cindy advises him not to get yellow ones.
Jenny left her credit card at the shop. She can pick it up with one of the cashiers.
Tom's birthday party is at 5 pm. Lara will pick up the cake and get the balloons. Tom is supposed to be back home at 5:30. Gary has already paid for the cake.
Paul is close to the Mac. Laura has waited 30 minutes for him. He wrote 15 minutes ago he was almost there.
Salma shares the latest cat meme with Hugh.
Matt, Oliver and Peter are waiting for the results. Peter didn't get into Stanford.
Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement.
Brandon lost his credit card. Luke and Ian will lend him $ 100.
Patrycja, Inez, Gosia and Alicja enjoyed their evening at a new restaurant. They will go again on Wednesday.
Ana and Catherine are going to visit grandma tomorrow.
Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5.
Suzzanne is bored at work. Morgan invites her to a Maroon 5 concert next week. Morgan has two tickets.
Julia hasn't read a book for a long time. The last one she read was Die again from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. He will bring it to uni tomorrow.
Linda and Laura are going to the Italian restaurant tomorrow. Linda loves their pasta and brownie.
Anna invites everyone to her birthday on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out for a girls night out after work tonight. They are going to grab some drinks and have a nice time outside of work. Elliot will pick Mia up.
Jayden doesn't want to have any children now. Brennan wants to have kids. Jayden wishes he could just have sex and wait for a baby. Brennan is going to sleep now.
USA won last night. England and Croatia are playing tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes. Ela will give him her walle.
Mark told his sister Mary's sister that he is doing an online job. Mary hates her sister because she is jealous.
Fiona is preparing a dinner for Chris. Tina will help her to make a tart.
Annette is at home sick. James is going to Jesus bar. Oli cycled and ran around the bar but couldn't find anyone.
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the current political situation in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie are going to the Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow. They will meet at 2 o'clock at the main entrance.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will do it later tonight.
Someone locked the door from outside. Ray needs Max to let him out. Max will ask his roommates to do it.
Kim will buy grey pillows for Harry's mother.
Josh wants to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi or Sony. Brian can get it cheaper for Josh. Brian will call Josh after work.
Nathalie, Olafur and Zoe are going to the Breakfast at Tiffany's party in Soho on New Year's Eve.
Frank is watching Arrow B. Andy is studying for a quiz tomorrow.
Kim is looking for fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot recommends the marketplace at Polna street. Kim has already tried Polna, but didn't find it. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are going to fight at 2 pm in the Oval Room.
Ashleigh got a job. They are going to the cinema.
Danna's Saturday was boring. She called 5-8 of her friends, but they are not around or busy. Reed is in bed. He doesn't have tv, because his subscription expired and they never renewed it. He is off tomorrow.
Alivia is working on her thesis. She has problems finding research materials. Antonio advises her not to worry about it so much.
Maddie is in Asda. She will buy white bread and some apples for John.
Elliot can't talk to Jordan because he's busy. Jordan is going to a funeral of her colleague Brad, who had a liver cancer. Elliot will call Jordan at 8 pm.
Flo can't go to the salon until the 6th. She's going to get a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. Ann can't join him because of a meeting. He needs some food for supper and lunch tomorrow.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she got laid. Marvin thinks she has a lot of cobwebs between her legs.
Eric sends Samantha and Noah a video of their favourite professor talking about the recent scandal on the news.
Jacky and David will talk later. Jacky will call David when she gets home.
Rick and Helen are in Cancun before flying to Havana. Chris wants to skype with Rick tomorrow at 3 p.m. but there's no workable internet in Cuba. Rick will give his love to Helen.
Ying's 10 years challenge everyone. Helen, Norma and Zazu are impressed.
Daniel and Missy are going for drinks after dinner.
Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will order an ipad online and have it shipped home. Jane will let him know when his travel arrangements are set.
Isabella listened to Betty's work yesterday. Isabella wants to do something together with Betty.
Hollie wants to know how Amy is. Amy will get back to her later.
Alex will join Huda for swimming in 2 hours.
Janet, Nicole, Alison, Arlene, Leslie, Ros, Eric and Sue are angry at Donald Trump.
Rashi is confused about her career. Teacher advises her to choose a career based on what truly interests her. The passion for what she does drives her to success. She should also try to progress and widen the scope after a while.
Corbin wants to report school violence in his high school to the department in charge of school violence. The student who is the victim of the violence is his friend.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix PC's. Joel recommends asking Cynthia or Elena. Marta will give them a try.
Ann's dad is turning 50. He's afraid of heights. He watches a lot of military movies. Ann was planning dinner with the whole family, but she's out of ideas. Fiona suggests some team play or paintball for his birthday.
Fatima talked to Jenson and Alene. Alene is depressed and she won't go to the doctor. Fatima and Jenson are both Fatima's friends. If they break up, they will blame each other and talk to Fatima about it. Lincoln advises Fatima not to worry about them.
Bob will help Lisa clean the house. She wants him to clean the bathroom.
Luke and martial will meet at carrington and go to the coach's office early in the morning to let him know they are ready to play.
Emily wishes Julie a merry Christmas.
Ricky doesn't like his new next door neighbors. They are noisy and have a parakeet that wouldn't stop squawking all night long.
Sandra and Brenda used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago. Brenda lives in Stoke now. Brenda and Sandra will meet up next Saturday around 11ish and go for lunch. They will organize a reunion for Lister's girls. Brenda will get back to Sandra about train times.
Joan can't go to see "A Star is Born" on Wednesday. John will see it on Thursday around 8 pm.
Donna will come to George's place tonight to discuss a delicate matter.
Louis and Fabian are going to see each other. Louis's mom is calling him.
Irene is going shopping with her son. Crystal will take him.
Tony shares a photo of his cat with Amy and Lucas.
Matt got a ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. He will see Thomas on the day before k.
They pushed some girls into the pool.
Mico and Jeff are going to the village party. Jeff will drive them.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday. Matthew is still looking for someone to do it.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Ryan and Jack are going to the casting.
Joanne is going back home for the holidays. Evelyn will stay at home and rest. Joanne's parents separated a few months ago. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her mum is depressed lately. If Joanne wants to bring her mum over to Evelyn, they could spend Christmas together.
Raul had a bad night. He started off with a fag and had weird dreams of his uncle.
Angie has stomach pain. She has a doctor's appointment with Doctor McCormick in an hour.
Kelvin and Naheeda are going to have their CAT 2 during the statistics class. Kelvin will talk with the other class members and will tell Naheede the decision.
Karen, Linda and Ronnie are going to have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment.
Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will pick up Marcel from school at 4. She will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Peyton wants Cameron to bring the video game for her. Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow. She will let Willyx know how it went.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy. He will schedule a new appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her.
Sean overslept.
Chris invites Tom and his brother to join him in his jacuzzi in his garden. They will bring a tv and bring swimming trunks. Chris has WiFi but Tom only gets 6GB on his phone when he gets outside Ireland.
Ela and Harry had a fight. Harry needs to talk to Ela urgently. Cindy will call her.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday. He's coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Gaia is doing fine at the university. She has 6 exams this term, but only one is hard.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair are going for a coffee at 2 p.m. near the square in a side alley.
Serena is worried about her skin condition. Tina has the same thing and takes meds on the daily. She can call her if she has any questions.
Kristina, Estefania and Jannette are watching America's top model.
Daniel is coming to Bologna this fall. He will stay only 2 hours at the airport. Simone will let him know if she wants to come in December for a weekend. Marco will let Simone know if he wants to host her.
Mike will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Timmy had a bad day at work because his boss yelled at him. Gemma is organising a bbq at the weekend. Timmy will come.
Pat has a delay. Bart will open the door for her. They will see each other tomorrow morning.
Erin will meet Ashley at the pool or restaurant to do the interview.
Maria, Kate, Tommy and Sam are preparing for the conference. Tommy is preparing a power point.
Maxwell and Jeanice are working well together. Jeanice's son Marcus has been behaving in a strange way recently. He argued with a friend, but they didn't fight. Maxwell wants to talk to Marcus over a coffee.
Mike, Tom and Ben are going for a beer.
Leah met a creepy guy at the poetry reading last night. He asked her about all of her friends and tried to walk her home. He thought she had a crush on him because 2 weeks earlier she liked a post on FB announcing that he was going to accompany poets on the guitar.
Nicky is at Sam's place. Her phone is off.
Ken wants his money back from Greg.
Tom arrived safely, but without luggages.
The university organised a carnival party for children.
Ian is looking for his green folder. Sophie suggests asking Alex.
Simon will be free at 5. Adrian will talk to him then.
Jen wants to get rid of her partner. She is afraid to ask him to leave because she doesn't want to cause another fight. Jane advises her to do it.
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight. Dean will grab something on his way back home. Poppy won't be home tonight.
Gab wants to meet up for a drink with Kat. Kat is busy at the moment, so she's not sure when they can meet. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet.
Agatha's presentation is ready. She used recent research.
Sally and Tim are going to Imagine Dragons concert on 12 July at ABC Theatre. The tickets for the standing area are 70.
Andrew wants to take Bez's car and go to Krizingen, but it showed "low brake fluid level". The garage next to Willig said it was probably a display error. Bez is in a hotel lobby now and uses a "phone credit". Bez will be home on the 21st in the evening. Andrew will switch the heating on a bit on that day.
Laura is not sure if she's going to visit her old parents next Saturday. Keith will cook lasagne for her.
Pegah will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited a few people over.
Robert will help Pam with Tom's birthday. He will pick up the balloons from the store in the city centre.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy and Jody are not into that.
Jim will listen to Max's latest project when he gets home.
Kane recommends the new 30 seconds to mars album to Shannon.
Andy will visit Paul in about 1 hour to have a coffee. They will talk about politics.
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again. Megan tells her not to do it.
Josh wants to have something.
Phoebe can't go out today, because her mother is angry. Phoebe used her perfume and broke it.
Rob and Eve will meet on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3.
Betty will come to Sandra's place at 6. She will bring the wine.
Anna recommends a clothes app to Peter. Peter has 3 or 4 shirts, 5 or 6 pairs of trousers and 2 jackets. Anna wants to play a game with him.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis. He is swollen.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will travel to Judah by bus.
Chloe hasn't watched the series Biwott told her about yet. Chloe has been busy this week. She will watch it at the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a tattoo above the ankle.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. David and Wendy can't afford to pay the plumber this month. They are going to wait until the next paycheck to fix it.
Kaylen is in a country where left-hand traffic is allowed.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island.
Titus will help Emely with a difficult task.
Marco will print and read Aldo's 12-page article.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris hasn't seen her for a few months because she lives in Michigan.
Hannah has made a list of New Year's resolutions. She wants to lose weight, exercise everyday and learn how to cook and start meal prepping. Brooklyn doesn't believe that a new year means a fresh start.
Trevor wants to have sex with Abigail, but he doesn't know how to break the news to her father, who is a church pastor.
Jessica is thinking about going on a diet. Julia and Gail like to spy on people on social media. Hillary thinks Julia overdo it and has no life in real life.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. Anne thinks Miranda wants to take Tom away from her.
Barbara, Eva and Ella are coming to Ella's. Ella needs information for the catering company.
Sarah will arrive in New York this Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her.
Allison got a scholarship.
Sam is at work until 5. He is not bringing him over tonight. He will bring him in the morning. Abdellilah and Sam will see each other around 9.
Betty and Phil are going to the cinema at 6:30. They will have dinner at home.
Robert is looking for a new job. He got laid off after his huge success in the Ukraine. Serge offers to send him his CV to a Belgian guy who is thinking of opening a new factory here.
Lily had an amazing night with Thomas. He is Romanian, from an extremely rich family and works at LSE.
Sam wants to buy a black dress for his wife. Sarah fashion sends him pictures of ready made dresses. Sam decides to order a dress on the website.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends. Mck inley uses Facebook mostly to keep in touch with people.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. Jason will come over. They will play Destiny 2 on PS4.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. She got a new job and her brother is going to live there. Daisy will help her pack. They will meet before she leaves.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis. He is thinking about working as a flight attendant.
Alan has found a perfect company for his new whiskey. Robert doesn't like it.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. They will meet at 6.30. Yaz will pick Mary up.
Ellie and Aaliyah are at the university. They are having classes 342 on the second floor.
Nathan sends Aaron a video of his cat taking a dump. Aaron's cat is having a spiritual moment.
William has been in a queue for 20 minutes. He will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow. He got a 30% discount on them.
Freddie, Kelly, Jim, Greg, Bob, Mike, Mary, Alan and Nancy are discussing what they are watching on Netflix.
Sonia and Toni are planning to go to San Sebastian in a month or so. Toni recommends the airbnb place where they stayed last year.
Malik and Samanta are going to try the keto diet together.
Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal.
Timothée Chalamet has been photoshopped into artworks. Dominic and Nova think he looks like a typical young man from a 19th-century portrait.
Peter has been busy at work. He wants to improve his health by working out. He has a gym membership with the one near his office. Lisa wants to eat better to help her keep in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
Hank is going to take the CSS test for his 10-year-old son. Don is not registered in the system yet. The test is supposed to last from 5 to 8 pm. Don will take his kid.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress at the second hand shop downtown for 70 euros.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Abigail reminds Damien to put on a coat and a tie.
Lucian wants Desiree to keep her pasta in the microwave.
Doug loves his new shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend, Jim Andrews, because he's taken.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink in Pub X at the central station at 5.30.
Jane is allergic to peanuts. Anne and Ella went to La Perle with a cheesecake. Jane started swelling after the first bite. They went to the ER.
Railey will buy a burger for her sister Tiffany on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana can't join her.
Connor got his Halloween costume at Value Village today. Jane is going there with her sister.
Mary stayed at home today.
Elena and Jeffrey can't see Tom and his red jacket.
Sophia apologized to Mason. Mason wants her to give him a kiss.
Steffen wants to go to the infinity pool. He twisted his ancle yesterday. Irene will give him a lift. He will park at the bottom and hike up.
Jake, Florence, Margot and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine is not going to school tomorrow because she has a cold. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox.
Jill called her girlfriend Sarah and told her she cannot snatch Bob from her.
Peter starts a new job on the 6th. Aggie will get a babysitter.
Aimee went to Maryam's home and tried her number. Maryam might have gone somewhere with his father.
George, Robert, Paul and Yousuf are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m.
Rory and Mitch are thinking of signing up Bill and Sammy for an International camp. Mitch is going to take care of them. They will probably put Bill on a Flixbus and he will arrive around 10 am on Sunday. Rory will give him Mitch's number. Joanna will pick him up. Mitch will chip in for gas.
Jones and Angelina will meet today in the afternoon in town. Jones will call Angelina to confirm where they will meet.
Derek and Alyssa like Fergie's national anthem.
Pam will call Lauren in the morning to let her know if she still needs her for tomorrow. Lauren had a good holiday and will tell Pam all about it tomorrow.
Jamie has never gone ghost hunting. Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school with her friends. They didn't find any ghosts.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him right now.
Dan will explain everything to Angela if she agrees to meet him at school later.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent her wedding invitation through messenger. She didn't have enough time to meet everybody and give the invitation in person.
Paula and Ralph will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Zuzia and Jan are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Harry is waiting for Ema outside. The movie has already started. Ema will come in 2 minutes.
The Caspian Sea will have a special legal status. They will completely divide the seabed up.
Joe's job is wearing him out. Tim's friend Terry quit because he had trouble sleeping, constantly tired, and turned out to have an ulcer.
Natalie, Denise and Judy are going to the new club at Regents Street this weekend. Judy is going on Friday with Miranda and Helen.
Jamie, Marlo, Jimmy and Alex are going to make 3 presentations in groups.
John is at school. He is in the park.
There was a huge crowd outside the book shop today. Cole Grant was signing copies of his books.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly and Denise advise her to buy the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Emilia is still angry.
Tom will use Mia's credit card to buy a flight ticket. Mia has always used Peter's card.
Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist urgently. Andy recommends ProDent in the centre. Wade recommends all the dentist in that clinic.
Ella's mom won a hundred thou in the lottery. Ella and Noah are excited about Christmas.
There was a car accident on circle drive. There were no deaths.
Rob is watching the game. Bob is having a few people over for the weekend. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday. He might organize a meetup with a few friends at some bar. Rob will let him know if he wants to come.
Julie and Debra are organizing an event over the weekend. There are 20 girls from the village 40+ coming. Debra is on the list.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David had to babysit Ethan's sister. Ethan wants to say thanks to him. Ethan's phone was switched off, but David turned it on.
Conrad forgot his keys. Rebecca and Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
Clara and Ron didn't like Kasia's smell last night.
Holly is not coming tonight because she feels sick. Jake was excited that everyone would be here.
Ludmila's favourite dinosaur was Triceratops.
Josh, Sean and Logan are going to the pub tonight. Logan would like to meet some girls.
Liam left her phone at his place.
Claire wants to buy a dress. Maria and Nicole advise her to buy it.
Victor took over Chris's company. Victor sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. David was worried about Chris. David's business is going well.
Patricia sends Elle a fair-trade brand. Elle will look into it.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. Abigail is angry because he didn't tell her about it. Ethan will be back after 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's today. He will let Dave know how it was.
Miro's father came from Albania to the US in the early 1990s. Miro speaks only Albanian with his parents.
Julie watched a Japanese horror movie. Paula and Rose will come over to Julie's to drink cocoa and watch "when Harry met Sally" until they fall asleep. Paula will chip in for an Uber.
Lucy's daughter is 15.
Dan, Tim, Chris, Martin and Tom are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is out. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey did her nails herself. It took her 4 hours.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment. Kate reminds her about it. The assignment is due tomorrow.
Half of Jamie's class is sick. He has a high fever and a terible cough. His perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, is great with kids and treats every case individually. Linda wants to know if there is any news about the school trip.
Tim hasn't seen his mum today. She's with autn Grace.
Kate's first boyfriend is 26 and his mother doesn't like her. He used to spend all the time at home with his mother and gramma. He is an introvert.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand. He ordered a new one and will pick it up on Tuesday.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop. Olaf advises him to check the prices of the chosen products when the promotion is still on and check them again when it's over. Nestor is going to the mall tomorrow. If he finds a good deal, Olaf will call or text him and ask to contact him.
Nancy, Vic and Phil discuss the use of social media. Vic prefers Facebook, Phil prefers Twitter. Vic never had an account on Tumblr.
Amanda, Peter and Dan have seen a guy with dreads.
James will pick the car up after work tomorrow and pay. Sue will transfer the money in.
Jess is in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. If it weren't for Trados, he wouldn't be panicking. Nada will lend him her old laptop. Dima will pick it up in an hour.
Kelly went to the pub after school and met more people from school. She also met a man who passed the pub at 2 am. He looked nice, but didn't talk to her. He was with someone. She told him a few words and he heard from her a bit.
Anne invites Adele to come for Easter. Adele is off on Friday, so she will come on Friday. Anne will invite Louise and Adele will bring eggs.
Melody recommends the mac model of her computer to Peggy. They hope to have an answer tomorrow.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. His boss can be a pain in the ass sometimes.
They will choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator. They will divide themselves so that they don't check the same websites.
Del accused Stanley of having an affair with Alison. Del disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. Del and Del have been together for 4 months. Stanley will talk to her when she's back. Stanley and Bill need to work on the Lidem project.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. She got it as a present from her mother a few years ago. Laura gives her the number to the cafe.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday. Jake is satisfied with his job. The company offers possibilities of personal development and promotion. Jake was promoted twice in the last 5 years and the salary increase with each promotion is significant. There is also a yearly bonus that depends on achievements and private healthcare. Catherine graduated with honours from uni.
Anna will go with Fiona to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner now.
Claire and Linda are having Curry dream team for dinner.
Matt's homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for subway and prefer talking to him. They have to pay more for electricity. Matt is leaving in a month.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him off at the railway station next morning. Ann and Katie spent a week together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann's cousin, Erik's wife, is the cousin of Kate's best friend. Kate will send a text to Ann's son to tell him where she wants to pick him up tomorrow.
Ahmed wants Sharon to move out with him, but she refuses. Her mother is angry, she's grounded and she's still a student. Her parents will stop talking to her at all.
Rob is annoyed with today's memes because they are either stupid or have no humour value. Tom wants Rob to get a girlfriend.
Mike will get a refill of the hand sanitizer for Grace.
Cheryl had an argument with her mom. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She got angry and started screaming. Her mom kicked her out. She gave her time till the end of the year.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann wants to buy a laptop from Josh. The price is 250. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse. Ann will pick it up.
Mike wants Sara to do the washing. Sara is going to the cinema with Jack.
Gary is driving for Uber. He loves it. He has met a lot of cool people.
Kristi will get a 20% discount on all the items on Leah's online shop. She will also get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
Andre read the news about the bear attack on the zoo. Megan and Andre are shocked.
Barbara and Mick got the confirmation emai from AES. Mick will call them.
Allison sent Alan the budget estimation for the current year. The costs in the line "other expenses" doubled when their boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Liam and Nate are going for a stroll around in 15 minutes.
Carl hopes his evo 10 will do well in this year's championship. Duncan and his family will attend the championship. Carl will have his reserved in the VIp.
Dinny wants Terry to take his dog away before he comes.
Anastasia and Darrell have new school photos. Anastasia needs a new one for her school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be their tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo.
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. Mark advises him to call the gym or go to the swimming pool.
It's Valentine's Day. Bella and Aria are in Warsaw. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quit work. Bella will probably go to Korea to get regular checkup.
Sawyer has a ball game tonight at 5: 5:30 or 6. The pitch is booked at 8.
Daina needs to put her make up for an hour.
Viola is feeling a bit light in the stomach before the wedding. Carmen will come on Friday night to help her organize.
Madeline is not happy with Martin's requests and Jada's way of dealing with him. They had an argument today. Madeline and Alex are going for a beer tomorrow.
Mom wants Betty to check in with her. Betty has been busy. Betty will call Grandpa from time to time.
William will prepare spagghetti alla vontale for dinner.
Maria, Alexander, Martha, Sarah and Lawrence will meet tomorrow evening at 17:15 to discuss all remaining questions after the IMF lecture.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Anna wants to go with her.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all exams but one. Tabby is coming to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky, Trent and Joel have a new kitten called Coco. It took them 2 days to win her over. She tries to scratch the couch from time to time. If she wakes Joel up in the morning, he can lock her out of the room until feeding time.
Sosie will come to Kyra's apartment in 5 minutes.
Ronnie's city uses three different bins to sort through waste. The general awareness about plastic bags is high. Ronnie and Clint don't think there will be any change at the state government level.
Adam wants Tina to call him when she's back home. Tina is still at work and her phone is dying. If it's late, she will call him tomorrow.
Natalie is pregnant. Dave is the father. Jane, Sally, Henriette and Greg are surprised.
Nick will bring Steve some lunch. Steve doesn't want chicken.
Gemma and Timmy are going to invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's wedding receptions.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Lisa will be back before 11 pm.
Tina is almost there. The bus is leaving in 3 minutes.
Sophie wants to collect the quince from Noah's terrace. Noah doesn't have William at home all that often. Noah's twins will be coming home this weekend.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers, one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah.
Cindy is sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie comforts her.
Jannet and Nadia had fun yesterday. They will go to the disco next time.
Jeff would like to try out his new car. Mark wants to be the first one to try it out. Jeff will bet him 100 bucks he will let him first.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their wedding. They will have a celebration tonight.
Kathy's aunt is getting her hair cut today. Kathy wants to get it cut a bit shorter.
Claudia, Andy and Mark are meeting with Mr. Benson in Peru to discuss a contract with a new client.
Jane's mother cried this morning. Den will invite her for tea on Friday. He will bring fish and chips home after work.
Mum is in room 112 at school. Ludo is in class 3 with Hugo and Charles. Mum will show Ludo the picture of the room.
Chandler wants Phoebe to open her door and pay the delivery guy standing outside.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai.
Russ will read the report David e-mailed him yesterday. He will send him remarks if he has any. He should be done by midday. David will answer some emails.
Ben doesn't want to go with Catherine and uncle Steve to visit uncle Steve. He doesn't like uncle Steve because he asks him questions about his private life.
Kaya is looking for Clay in the library. Clay is the class room.
Alice and Sean will go to the carwash tomorrow. Sean needs to finish his report first.
Julia wants to wait for Bert with the dinner. Bert will try to get home on time.
Steve has a new dishwasher installed.
Michelle is still researching. The update installs bugs on her computer. Harvey wants her to stop texting him.
Joy is coming back on Thursday.
Julia and Henry are disappointed that the cafe Kohaku is closed. Henry wants to reserve a table, but he can't find them anywhere. They went to the Lilly's instead.
Olivia is going to do her accounts and upload a few videos to YouTube. Jake has a lot of work to do, but he doesn't have time to do much.
Emily has broken one of Linda's green tea cups when she was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room. She will take out the whole set and give it to Linda.
Camilla and Tom are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend. Tom is buying the tickets.
Stella wanted to visit Sandra, but she didn't want to get infected by the disease. Sandra is getting better every day. Stella wants to take her to the cinema. Sandra would like to watch an action movie.
Harley and Ruby are discussing the divorce filing of a serial cheater. The wife is taking him to the cleaners. He got a monthly settlement, half his pension and a house. He paid for everything yet still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacays.
Ken is stressed because of work, fighting with Brad and a lot going on at mom's. He is going to the show on Saturday night and seeing the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
Titus is supporting Manchester United today. Julius believes the city will win the derby.
Addisyn and Dexter haven't talked for a long time. Dexter misses Addisyn.
Jason was absent today. He had a dental appointment.
Cindy has set up a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in their conference room. Don is going on a trip next week. Cindy has got his plane tickets and booked the hotel, Hilton, but nobody is going to pick him up at the airport. He will have to get a cab.
Samuel is in Laos. He ordered mushroom pizza. The owner bribed the police.
Mike, Celia and Mark are going to Croatia for holiday.
Jasmine loves the new song of Charlie Puth. Paola loves Galway Girl and Ed Sheeran.
Jaz will come to Sharon on Sunday at 2.30 to sort out her roots.
Pete is coming home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Laura wants Kas to tidy up her dreads this weekend. Kas will let her know tonight if she can do it.
Jill and Ally can't do more than 3-4 hours of work per day.
James and Mia are going to the art exhibition of one of their professor tomorrow. Amelia recommends them to go with her. Mia doesn't know Amelia very well, so it's stressful for her. James is not mad at her.
Chae-yeong, Arthur and Mariana are looking for the readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar. Rita will go to the print shop tomorrow morning and let them know if the texts are available.
Ost bought a garage place in the city center. He wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She will be in Zawiercie around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform. They will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Marika and Lara are coming today.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee can't stand some of her friends. Lee saw Sheryl spill a drink on her on a bad day.
Erin has just baked something. Zachary is cleaning the flat.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were for jobs at hotels. The third was for a job as a concierge.
Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in the Romford area. Lady Louise wants him to focus on motorways this time.
Brett's cousin met his wife in WoW. Andrew's favourite genre is RPGs. John's favourite one is the Final Fantasy series.
Rael hates his job. He wants to find a new one, but he's not sure what to do with his career. He's thinking about IT.
Susan went to a rollerskating disco on her date. Jill is jealous.
Joe invites Pete to come over tonight to watch Deadpool 2 with the guys.
Euodia doesn't know what tiktok is. Domigo explains it to her.
Hugh shares a photo of his son with Joan and Julia.
Nathalie, Pauline, Jacob and Anthony are going to Greece for a holiday in August. Nathalie's sister is getting married.
Lori is at Copley. She will meet with Maria in 5 minutes. They were supposed to meet at Prudential. There is a traffic jam in front of the mall.
Randy lives in a studio apartment on the outskirts of town.
Telly, Chuck and Ally are going to Bernie's party on New Year's Eve.
Karen passed.
Gill needs a new peeling.
Ryan is visiting his family in Manchester. Chris and Ann stayed home with Ann for the first time on their own.
Bruce's campaign is going well. He's got around 200 backers right now. They've reached 5000 dollars yet. They're a little over 6132 bucks. Oliver is excited about the campaign.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate had a fight with Chris again. She doesn't want to talk to him any more because of his political views. Mary thinks they should reconsider their friendship.
Celine went on skates with Mark for the first time.
Sarah and Lia are going back home for Passover. Lia wants to go with her family to Negev, but the tickets are very expensive. Sarah bought the tickets yesterday for 500 quid. Sarah is flying on the 28th.
Jack didn't get the package Gene sent him on Friday.
Miranda wants to cancel tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie. She has to work 20 hours a day.
Blake, Clara and Jenny are going to fabro-ficule. Blake will wait for them on the platform.
Raymond wants to have pizza and pasta. Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes and bring wine.
Dwayne is going to watch the new Jersey Shore season. Zack watched a couple of episodes of the new season. The Situation is still doing the show, but he's different now. Season 2 is almost there.
Will is waiting in a long line at the post office. Chris hopes he will think twice next time he decides to send a traditional letter.
Ella and Serena didn't like the new club in Cork.
Molly, Margaret, Kai and Peter are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January.
Frank doesn't have any plans for the weekend. Avril is going mushroom picking and to see horse racing. Frank will come with her.
Adam is going to Multisports this week. Mair will bring him and Xander to Mel at half 10.
Ethan went to the gym every day this week. Dustin and Ray will meet Ethan at 8 pm at his place. Ethan will text Sam to pick up the kids.
Diana is going to a hip-hop workshop. Fran will join her. They will meet in a week.
Pam lost her phone when she was paying. She talked to every store she visited, but they didn't find it. Dot suggests she could offer a reward and post someone's phone number.
Truman and Rodney are worried about a man who got beaten and mugged on campus.
Deborah and Nathan are going on a trip to a cliff tomorrow. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work, Deborah will pick up the girls from school. They will meet at home around 6.
Alexander doesn't want to go to the lecture with Mr Linda tomorrow. Igor and Casper are going to meet near the university instead.
Javier is looking for a tattoo parlors. He will get a tatoo back in Colombia.
Sam, Jessica and Michael are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August at 2 p.m.
Marsha, John, Cynthia, Mohammad and Gavin are going on a trip to Madagascar. They are going to stay at a hotel in Nosy Be.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh. Adelina asks him where he comes from.
Joanna needs to get the coffie stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel advises her to leave it at the dry-cleaner's. There is a cheap one at Jagiellonska 3.
Anna and Charlie will have a pizza tonight. Charlie is still upset about all the things that happened.
Nadine is getting sick patients at her clinic.
Livicia lost her wallet. Miranda and Lora lend her money. Leticia will call the bank and block her account. She will have to get new documents and she has no time for that.
Paula is going to get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco's.
Terence is angry at Daniel because he took his money.
Levy didn't throw the garbage out. Lucy will have to do it now.
Willy wants Vinny to lend him his red Mustang. They will car pool together a couple of days a week.
Sage is having a beer. Lindsey has just finished her class and wants to go for another class. Lindsey asked one girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her.
Jason and Dory are working on the movie. Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. Jason bought the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script.
Jared wants to ask Michelle and Kelly out.
Reeve, Booker, Dodson and Trish are going to the seaside for winter break.
Alex and Zayna will meet for a drink tonight at 8 pm at her place.
Grace didn't talk to Audrey a lot at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon. She thinks about applying for grad school and taking a year off.
Natalie wants the recipe for Monica's famous cheesecake.
Ethan will send Jason's phone number to Dixie in a minute.
Amanda didn't like parks and rec.
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry. Harry has no money to spend on it, because he has a broken car and a shitty job.
Randal got everything except the nail polish. The shop assistant is looking at him weird. Sidney tells him to buy the pink one. The other one on the left is fuschia and the other one is taffy.
Pat is not a soccer fan, but she likes baseball and hockey. Pat plays basketball and would like to meet up with Mike one day.
Nate has just received an excel file with all the registrations for the first day of the dinner. It's overbooked, but it's better than having half of the room empty. Nate has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables himself. Julie thinks the registration system is the worst.
Farrah shared her collection with Enrique's class. They loved it. Farrah will come back to the class any time and will give her name and number to the teacher. Enrique wants to invite the 4th grade students as well.
Thomas and Zoey are in the tropics. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda are meeting at 6 at the main entrance.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris. They will meet at Emma's at 9 am.
Breann and Dianne are getting a 10% discount on red and gray cheetah print for new customers.
Wanda wants to know how much time it takes to prepare the pizza. Hugh will come, make the base and prepare everything earlier, then stick it in the oven.
James has heard about the next ASEEES conference taking place in San Francisco. Chloe hopes for Hawaii, but the last conference there in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of traveling to the place.
Jim helps Finn track his shippment. Finn's order number is 45678. The package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow.
Rhonda sends the content for the November email blast to the Dropbox.
Derek McCarthy wants to borrow an Android cable from Tommy. Tommy is in Poland. Tommy's wife will give him the cable at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her his keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey, Oona and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10. Oona will buy the tickets.
Rob, Greg and Anna are going to start a Get off the couch challenge. Rob will start with 30 minutes of activity every day.
Cynthia and Bennett are going to the new bistro in town.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo. Amanda needs at least another hour to get there. Lorenzo will call the guy from airbnb and take the keys to the room. They have an amazing view on the duomo.
Walker will come with his Xbox console to play all night with Booker.
Laura's mom passed away this morning. Anne and Kristian will come to see Laura.
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. They want to re-build them, but the cost to fix the damage is high.
Katy and Ana are going to see a film by Lola Arias on the making of the play he saw last year. Ana invites Carlton to join them for dinner and drinks on Saturday at 7.
John sends Henry a photo of Bristol Stool Scale. Henry had a nice poop this morning, but he never really is constipated. John suggests Henry should write it on his Tinder profile.
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. They are scared of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James is convinced that nothing will happen.
Linda will not be able to do any gardening before leaving. Mika offers her a few plants for her garden.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room. Marenda wants Drade to apologize to him and send the invitation to him.
Kate broke her arm and they are sending her to the hospital. Greg advises her to call Linda or ask someone at the reception.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni. Charlie invites Frank to go out with them tonight.
Bella will come to Clara's at 7:30. They will have a drink and have a snack. Clara will bring the wine. Clara's drive is taken by her camper at the moment, so Bella will have to park somewhere along the road.
Jose Ricky, Ricky and Amanda are going to Cuba, Mexico, Thailand and Thailand in 2019.
Rob will be home tomorrow. He will have dinner with Susan. She will cook something special.
Denise and Dominique have a test tomorrow in units 2 and 3.
Steph bought lamps from Ikea. She needs proper hangers from copper. She doesn't know where to get them.
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Jesse wants to borrow Stig's razor, but he broke it.
Mary gives Matt Patrick's phone number. Patrick is not picking up Matt's calls. Patrick changed his number.
Sam came back from work. Lucy and Chiara were worried about him. Yvonne is dating a hot Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter for Jack's mushroom soup.
Helen forgot to take her laptop to work. She has a presentation today. Debbie will bring her her laptop.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday. She doesn't know the name of it. Boston took a photo of it and looked it up on Google Images.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany because his team got liquidated. He got a better offer from an IT company in London, but he didn't accept it. Amber will have to look for a new flat. Erin offers her a place to stay for a while.
Vicky will meet everyone at fratelli's in 10 minutes.
Kaylin has set three alarms for tomorrow.
Keira is angry at her sister because she grounded her for a month. Lois is thinking of deleting her.
Charles has just landed. He will arrive at Vesinet at 5:30 pm. Natacha will pick him up at the RER.
Simon was on the phone and didn't hear Helen calling him. The toilet paper is finished. Simon will fetch some tissues for Helen.
There is a blizzard outside. Ricky was hiking in the mountains a couple of years ago.
Johny wants to date Lucy. Lucy wants to go to the gig with her best friends. Maggie is going with them. They will meet at 6 pm at Lucy's to pamper themselves before the gig starts at 8.
Jack and Rose are going to buy Christmas gifts for everybody.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus. She feels mixed about it.
Albert has just passed his driving exam on his 4th attempt.
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. Her mother has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years. The doctor told her to restrict movement. Ravi tried naturopathy, but it didn't help. She prefers to stay at home most of the time.
Lynn, Diana, Wilbur and Justin don't want to have sex with old men.
Alice is sick with the flu. She hasn't taken any vaccine.
Sandra left Milla's present at Marco's place yesterday. Marco wants her to bring it over.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Zariah has a lot of back pain.
James will pick Hannah up on Saturday at 8.
Rachel and Caron are meeting for a drink at the Red Lion at 8.
Victor can't help Sara with the event they are organizing this Saturday.
Mike and Dave think Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave wants to hit on her, but Mike tells him to stay off because Jerry is her lover.
Patricia wants George to call her in an hour.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He is waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena and Brian don't like the new professor because he gives students a homework at the first class.
Elvina got an invite to the local theatre smbd. Booth was there the other day. Averil is shocked they have a theatre here.
Callum is busy.
Emily wants Jacob to hurry up because the busses are about to leave. Jacob will reach the parking lot in 10 minutes.
Chuck told Ella and Molly that he met up with Molly on Friday. Molly told him no and he made up a story.
Sally and Rita are excited about Borns' new album and Florence's new single.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma.
Haley, Jenny and Tess are looking at an old photo of Bella. Bella was a kitten when she was 2 weeks old. Now she's middle-aged.
Jeff, Peter and Miranda are worried about the American economy. Jeff is not an economist. The Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter. She was jealous to see him with Ethan that day. They will talk about it tomorrow.
Ann will be home at 7. She has extra math classes. Meg wants to meet her.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because her daughter has a fever and she needs to stay at home with her for a few days. Ann and Shirley are sorry about it.
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel is 35 years old. He speaks Telugu, a language spoken in South east India with nearly 90 million speakers. Thammu or Thammadu is the word for elder brother in his language. Tim is 55.
Pete will have a look around for a different flavour yogurt for Jen.
Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin is a dolphin. Sophie is a fox. Jenkin will bring Sophie her spirit animal cards tomorrow.
Daisy sends Scarlett her RGS application.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Carla and Sam will meet at Meanwood cafe at 2 pm tomorrow.
Daniel will check if he can rent a pop corn machine for Lily's office Christmas party.
Louis is wondering what he should buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding. Sara is on a boring meeting.
Chris tried jogging for the first time in a while. Matt is taking pills that slows his heart rate.
Dan has watched Punisher season 2. Eric thinks the first season was better but he thinks the second one did some things better. Eric also thinks Netflix should have given Jigsaw more scars and discontinued Daredevil.
Geri and Hilary are going to get some new shoes and have some frozen yogurt after work tomorrow.
Jacob and Alex are going to a meeting with the top management from France next week. They got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting.
Joana and Sandy will play dixit or carcassonne.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink in Barcelona.
John and Matt are going to have a practice today.
George is coming to Blake.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening. Steve will tell Rob later what he thinks about it.
Martin will buy two milk for Alex.
Hansel will tell his sister to text Jeremih back. She's mad at him.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop. Peter will look at it.
Josh was at his place on New Year's Eve. He had some wine and played board games with his friends. Emma went to the seaside, visited a few clubs and ended up on the beach for midnight.
Andy is working late until 4. Andy and Sue will meet by 8.
Stewart and Shari are angry with the man who is in charge of the forestry department. They want to vote for someone else. Shari is not sure if he will finish out his term, with all the legal problems, but he seems to be able to hold off the big stuff.
Lydia added him on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. Now he is texting her. She doesn't want to talk to him as they work in the same company.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Sarah will not be allowed to take off because she is too low on the totem pole. Boris will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will have a long weekend. She will come to his assistant at her earliest convenience to initial the change.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Chuck wants to order seafood tagliatelle.
Ruth hasn't replied to Alan's email yet. Alan sends it again. It has an attachment. If Ruth can't open it, she will let Alan know.
Payne and Oscar will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Luke likes the parrot that Gina painted yesterday. Gina needs to send him a PDF file to get better quality.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park. They will go shopping together.
Donald Trump said that about a congress woman in an interview. Rudi and Henrietta are shocked.
Cole wants Luis to pass him his pillow. Luis doesn't want to talk to his roommate.
Daniel passed his driving license exam.
Andrew Simmons is sending the list of people who are coming to their individual meetings tomorrow. Samuel Anderson won't come, because he has an appointment with a doctor. Katherine Jackson won't be coming, because she has a retake. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons' office in room 104.
Rosie is feeling better today.
Ty needs a translator. Veronica doesn't speak French.
Emily is waiting to see her doctor. She is waiting with a nun and a blind crazy man.
Frank will help Sarah and Mary transport the aquarium.
Mario wants Conor to bring him something to eat. Conor is out with some friends from college. He will bring him a bucket of fries from KFC.
Ditty came back last night. Inga didn't want to wake Ditty up this morning, because she had some mail for her. Ditty will come over to collect the parcel from Inga around 6 pm.
Chelsea played against Huddersfield. Higuain scored twice. Damian is happy for the team.
Jay will lend Joe money to buy tickets for the diamond in Kenya. He convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him.
Robyn drank too much beer last night. She feels better today.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time.
Gino is not sure about his outfit. Renee advises him to wear the white shirt, black trousers and brown shoes.
James is driving there. Richard will give him a ride at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya who is playing a mouse in a school play.
Marco will sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Michelle and Josh are going to the movies tomorrow night. Josh will pick her up at 7.
Yaz and Tania are going to the pub on Friday at 8 o'clock. Tania and Sophie are thinking of breaking up before Uni. Yaz needs high grades for her course to get into Exeter.
Anna thinks the more she studies, the less she knows about the world, the happier she is. The only thing that makes her feel better is dark humour.
Jacks played on the poker platform Bulls Eye several times and made a few bucks on it. Robin is trying to read up on the game. Jacks sends Robin links to some good sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about him as a great friend over the years. Ralph advises him to give a speech.
Edward, Lauren and Kate are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert wants to meet Gabriel for a coffee. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Gabriel is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Robert came to visit his old friends.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Tom will pick Becky up and take her to his mother's house.
Ethan and Leo are going to see Sólstafir on Wednesday 21.11. Noah might have to stay late at work.
Marleen is at Kaiser's buying silk kerchiefs for Rita. The most expensive one costs 39. Barry and Marleen will split the cost 50/50.
Lucas, Johnatan and Darren will have a beer in the evening.
Zandra's daughter, Tam, has a birthday tomorrow. Tricia will send Erwin to get the cake by bike. Zandra has to make decorations. The food and outside attractions will be organized by a company.
Raf forgot to text Sarah and Laura. Laura is on an island called Linate. Sarah and Raf are at the same hotel.
Adam is going to take an exam in 10 minutes.
Lena has her keys. Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call her in 15 minutes.
Nigel went to the concert of Felix Laband in Paris last night. Bob and Nigel like him very much.
A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison. Everton fans enjoyed the cat invasion and the commentary.
Uncle Jayson congratulates his nephew Ewan on his graduation.
Daniel, Michael, Matt and Brian are going on a trip to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Brian didn't know they were going to enter Bosnia.
Ross wants to go karaoke with Chandler tonight. Chandler will record everything and he will record it. Ross will do George Michael.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon to party. Poppy doesn't like crowd, drunk people and sightseeing.
Brook wants Gyle to come home because something happened yesterday. Gyle is on his way.
Kate, Milena and Regina had a presentation. 3 people came to listen to them.
Barbara is home. Sean will come over with the dog. Zac is on his way. Sean and Zac will stay overnight.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Kyle's cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigs. Kyle heard Kirsty was with Nathan Baker these days. Kyle and Quinn will meet outside the club at 6.
Dick is going to see the apartment in building 32. Frank wants to come and see it too. If he decides to buy it, they will be neighbours. They will meet in 30 minutes. Frank will bring a measure.
Mia and Steven are going to have Chinese food before the movie starts at 9 pm. They will meet at 8.
Marshall can't go out tonight because money is low. Lilly will come over and watch Netflix with him.
James is out of the team because of the coach. He has already texted him. Tony thinks the coach is annoying at times, but he really is good.
Priscilla told Stu to get the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop. Stu used his IT friend Alex to download Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD. Priscilla bought the software online.
Helen will double check if Rita's client Salvage Industries is legit.
Ginger needs some sugar. Phylis is baking a pie.
Anthony and Robert will have a beer around 9. Anthony will go with Andrew in the evening. In the evening he is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate can't help her. Nate will call her when he gets off work.
Jake has just pulled a TOTW. He will try him in one or two matches before selling him to Tom.
Rosemary and Victoria are going to record the drums this weekend. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop. Victoria has a tablet but 2gb ram is not enough for recording. They need to borrow it from somebody.
Cass gave Jordan £20 for her birthday. Jordan likes Thomas the Tank engine.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance.
Ken is depressed. He had a bad day yesterday.
Phil got a card from Deana. Constantine was happy. Deana found the sunglasses in the empty place above the radio in the very back.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month. He's going to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
Jessica has been to Palermo in Italy. There are the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses and you can look at them like museum exhibits.
Maria wants to start freelancing next year, but the call centre won't allow it for a year. Spencer works 16 hours a week at a cafe. He gets around £1000 of work a month before commission and tax. He still has to pay rent and bills.
Tim wants to organize a newbie gaming evening. Joe gives him some tips on how to organize it.
Richard and Anne will meet at Starbucks at 3 pm tomorrow to start planning out their project. It's due on 15 December.
Gurdun is feeling a little bit better, but he's feeling a bit weak still. Gurdun won't be back at the uni this week. Russ had flu three months ago. His team won the last match.
Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a prank video.
Mummy and Thessalia are celebrating Christmas with their family.
JP doesn't want to play, because he has to go to work.
Michael can't meet with Tom today. He can't leave the office before 8 pm. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Dan wants Kevin to buy him a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are critical of the EU's immigration policy. Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism. The worst thing is that the country is being ostracized by defending its values and interests.
Tilly had a detention. She will be home in 40 minutes. Sam will call her when she is home.
Gloria and Mell are going to have a BBQ on Saturday at Mell's place. Mell wants to extend the terrace. Mell's sister moved up to Scotland. Mell is happy she doesn't have to take care of Tad's sister.
Hailey and Whitney are going to I-max cinemas on the day Aquaman is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them.
Jacob got a punchbag for Christmas. Jenny got training shoes. George got a cooking pot. His wife wants him to help her in the kitchen.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. Hudson will try to replace it with a new one and let him know if it works.
Katherine is going to bring her around 11. Kayla finishes at 11.
Martin will help Lorena with her new desk tomorrow.
Amy will give Everett her phone number to Ralph. Everett introduced him to Amy at the pub last week.
Diane has to work 2 hours tonight. Ross wants her to relax at home.
Ed, Valerie, Chris, Lor, Atnee, Jessica and Matt are against sex.
Gaya and Cristina will meet next week to discuss the shoot. They will meet at Gaya's studio. Cristina is more free on Wednesday and Friday.
Matt, Tony and Phil are going to see Bon Jovi in Warsaw next July. The cheapest tickets start from pln 250.
Dan split the food from the BBQ equally.
Camila and Harper are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight. They will buy a bottle of wine, a take-away and stay in for the evening. Harper will order a meal from the restaurant about which they talked last time.
Henry, Peter, Michael and Vanessa are late for the birthday party. Peter is stuck in a traffic jam. There was an accident and half of the guests are already here.
Callan's Samsung S8 overheats and it takes a while for it to restart again. He's going to the store to let them see it. It's still under warranty.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today, because her son is sick and she needs to take him to the doctor.
Phil is in the shop. He will be home in an hour. Nancy will make an apple pie.
Piper is waiting for the payment. The client liked her work and wants to work with her long term.
Richie, Clay and Jose are excited about Pogba's strike.
Sybille has problems with her son's online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris on the 29th. The flight is operated by Delta Airlines. Sybille's son couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. Air France will get in touch with Delta US and return her a new ticket for her son.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara are going to book a flight today.
Hans wants Slade to come to the practice now. He wants him to bring the ball.
Holt's sister is 21. Treena and Zula advise him to buy her a set of DVDs and cosmetics.
Georgia wants to buy a dress. Roxana and Summer think she looks great. Georgia will wear it to parties.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming for a business trip to BG. He will stay for two nights longer in Nina's place. Nina will pick him up from work.
Amal and Amir like Beyonce.
Alec sends Alexa a link to the last America's Got Talent. Alexa hasn't seen it. Alec thinks she might win the edition.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money. John sent it to the wrong account. He will ask the bank tomorrow to re-send the money to the right account.
James is not watching the game. He is going to work.
Lilian is at Helen's place because her phone battery died.
Freddy will sing at the school concert on Friday. He will send Simon 3 backing tracks for the things he likes to sing. Simon will send him the attachments to the songs.
Tommy's mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take a bus. Tommy liked the weekend. Tommy and Wayne will meet in the evening.
Trevor and Tobias will have a beer at 9 at Tobias' place.
Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew. She will show the whole dress to Israel soon.
Frances is back from the Vosges. She and Ferdinand had a great week there and didn't spend much money. They had meals in a local. Aiden was a happy dog.
Paula can't get past 637 levels in the game. She tried looking up the cheats online.
There is an ad coming up to be a computer investigator and you can earn almost 80 thou. Calum and Bethany are sceptical about it. Bethany can't imagine talking to stupid users all day.
Jackie's sister got pregnant. Jackie is worried about her. Jackie's brother-in-law earns enough money for his kids. Jackie feels lucky that she didn't get married yet.
Sean is not going to the lecture tomorrow morning.
Anna has a stomachache. Joanna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves. Anna will see a doctor in 10 minutes.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow. Dolph reminds him.
Kate and Jeff are in the little room next to the reception. The woman making a cake is working in the small room under the stairs. She ordered a cake with a huge penis with balls and chocolate hair.
Larry and Kirsten are going to post an email on the BoD. Kirsten wants to get her husband to sign off on it. Larry wants to see a menorah in the lobby next year. They are also going to take input from Jamie and John, who have a lot of experience and knowledge in the role. The current BoD has ignored them both.
Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Lesley wants her to let the dog out. Chloe will come home and let it out. She will go out and see Megan afterwards.
Natalie's wallet is in her room.
Rob needs to talk to Phil in person. Phil is out of town at the moment. He will come to the office tomorrow morning.
Martin wants to break up with Nicole. He is asexual.
Mike woke up with an allergic reaction.
David wants to get a new tattoo. He was thinking about a scull and rose on his back, but he wants to add something else to make it more personal.
William is making spaghetti. Olivia will buy fresh tomatoes and Beth will buy some chocolate for after the dinner.
Karen is worried about the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Peter has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow.
Nick doesn't know what internet connection they have. Matt needs it for the application. Nick usually uses his mobile service. Nick will let Matt know when he remembers it.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to add people from their group to the match next week.
Mia, Jennifer, Karine and Peter are angry with Trump.
Madison saw an offer for Thailand. The tickets are expensive, but the rest is extra cheap. The children under 12 are 50% off.
Tina is looking for a partner. Demi likes men. They will organize workshops on how to get to know them. If Tina is homeless, Demi will take her under her roof.
Winnie's Nanna has broken her leg, so Freddie will have to visit Winnie instead.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman' this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them all.
Betty has mould in her spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. Andy thinks the mould is caused by condensation. Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work by Friday.
Warren locked the door.
Aaron is organizing a conference about relations at school. He is giving two lectures. Claire is signing up for the conference.
Rob wants to sell his flat. He moved in a year ago. He is thinking about having a baby. The flat is too small for him and his wife. Rob is seeing a friend who's relocating to another city tomorrow and offers a good price.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make him come.
Daisy is in Naples. Charlie wants to meet her again. Charlie will take a train to Florence from San Fransisco from 1-5 September.
Adele is still listening to the song recommended by Kode. Kode will give Adele the whole Album in USB. Adele will come to Kode's home.
Maddie spoke with Leah and she told Ian that he dumped Claire years ago. Ian doesn't know Claire.
Violet is going on vacation and is looking for a good waxing salon.
Suzy asks Linda to follow her on Instagram.
Sean and Rick want to make a last minute trade request at the deadline. John needs a QB. Sean wants him to lose a player and Rick wants him not to get Lamar Jackson. John might have a way to drop the QB rule completely next year. They will talk about it after the season.
Lisa sent Amelia a link to a diet. Amelia's mother was on it and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beast. Gina saw it last week. Gina and Ginna liked Eddie Redmayne as Newt.
Emily's favourite colour is blue. Amelia can't tell her why.
Mary lives in Southampton. She moved there in December.
Shanon, Victor, Oliver and Sid's teacher got fired and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash. He likes Barman more than Superman.
Marek sent Adam a picture of his girlfriend's ass on the escalator in the shopping mall. Adam doesn't like it.
It's supposed to rain so Daniel and Mark are going to have drinks at Mark's place tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting.
Bart didn't study enough for his economy final and he got a bad score. Adrian didn't do as much as he should have, but he ended up with a reasonable grade. Bart started playing StarCraft and he is not going to play games during school anymore.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday.
Amelia thanks Lindsay and her friends for coming to Elliot's birthday party.
Jennifer, Jack and Reece will watch the latest film on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean has decided that his spirit animal is a tortoise. Tiffany thinks he should be a wasp.
Mary is back with her baby Susie.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pick her up after work at 5. Greg was worried about her all day.
Kate is at the grocery store. She will buy an apple and a tangerine for George.
Sam is interested in the earphones that cost £187. He wants to have them delivered to him through courrier. The product can only be collected in Garstang, where the company is located. Sam wants to lower the price to £180.
Kelly should wear the red dress. Mary will wear a red dress and bright, red lipstick.
Kate will borrow Emily's blue handbag for Monica's wedding on Friday. Emily will bring it to the office tomorrow.
Gina will come to Monica's office on the 2nd floor in room 112. Monica has a free usb.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He wants to hang it on the wall. He also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Parker and Jason like the DC universe better than the marvel. Jason has downloaded the latest episode of arrow season 7 and will text Parker when it's done.
Michael is tired of work. He wants to leave London and look for a new job in the Netherlands. He's thinking of resigning earlier than he was planning. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Carol got more fruit from her garden. She doesn't want to make preserves with it. Jacob will pick up the fruits on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Luca advises Molly not to let the silly season get her down.
Janette has got mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence will get back to Madison once he's finished with the article. The piece is needed by today.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. Ronald wants her to call him when she gets back. He has something to tell her.
Agata's husband doesn't complain about her new job. Guido has trouble understanding her posts on Facebook.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick her up.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. Hannah will remind Dad to wait for him at the airport. Adam will be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since his last visit.
Matthew has a cold. It's an allergy mixed up with virus.
Joyce's car is making a weird noise. Kyle can't take the car to get Harry, because he has to go to a mechanic. Joyce is supposed to go by bus. Kyle will get Harry on his way.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet and she keeps buying new stuff. She has 4 boxes so far. Mikaela had to buy a box at Ikea.
Toby proposed to Susan and she said yes. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. They spent most time walking along the seaside.
Eva is leaving for her party in an hour. Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta. Eva will leave her with her for a day. Olivia will drop her off tomorrow.
Laura will wait inside for Jack, who is 10 minutes late.
Michelle is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing her whenever they feel like it.
Frank wishes Zoe a good day.
Josie doesn't like Eco's Pendulum. Stefano thinks it's weird. Salman Rushdie hated Pendulum and said that it's not a novel, but rather a computer game.
Evan cancels his lesson tomorrow. He got the flu and has been off college since Tuesday. He should be ok for next Thursday.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park at around 9 p.m. Camille will join them.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a film last night. The pharmaceutical industry is worth at least $1.2 bln today. In this particular case they are selling mints as medical products.
Greg sends Dave his notes from statistics. Dave doesn't have any.
Sally doesn't feel well. She doesn't want her character to be killed off. Mark will pick her up.
Sandy and Joy are meeting on Friday evening at 11 am. Sandy is going for a run. Joy is going to take a shower before the meeting. Lina found dresses very nice but she thinks they are too much cleavage for Sandy.
Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if the rain stops.
Susie found plasters on Ted this morning. He kept them till this morning after his shower.
Mary and Lily will talk to Kyle on Facetime in 10 minutes.
Harry is going to Taylor's party tomorrow at 8 PM.
Tomas is waiting for the grant. Sierra and Jeremy haven't received it yet. Tomas is broke.
Camilla and Charles are going to visit the German markets this weekend. They will have a day of nothingness on Saturday and a hangover on Sunday.
Pamela will look at the RGS grant website. Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the grant last year.
Colin congratulates Ava on being defeated by a penguin. Ava is 158 cm tall.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Vaughn got a 65.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance came. It turned out to be a drill.
Perry, Marlow, Janet and Forster are going on holiday to Asia. They will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at the cinema.
Lee bought RoS CE in a temporal break of his brains. The digital wizard client manager is wearing a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket. Lee has been here for almost 5 months and this is the first time he saw something like this.
Maya wants Boris to bring home the clothes that are hanging outside. Boris is not home right now. Boris will tell Brian to take care of it.
Barry, Dave, Kelly and Jake are going to march in the Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon.
Laurel and John will meet at Jades at around 5 pm tomorrow to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel has a new siamese cat called Portia. She loves it, but she doesn't like her. She is allergic to cats. Adam thinks she should get rid of her.
Mark's wedding is next day. There will be an after party at Mark's house.
Diana and Russel are going to buy a present for mum.
Amy looks serious to Penny, Owen and Neil. They haven't talked to her. Penny and Owen want to meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum. They will meet at 4 at the main entrance. If anyone wants to join them, they will go to some bar. Rachel is worried she won't like the people she will meet. Wai assures her they always welcome new people to their team.
Robert is not in town.
Dorothea is going to celebrate her birthday with Tom and they are going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best. They will see each other on Saturday.
Jules and Derek have a class tomorrow.
Ainsley can't help Jane with her thesis because she has a cold.
Felipe thinks Lydia's legs are amazing.
Mick has never done any student exchanges before. He will go to the club with his friends for Halloween. His grandma is ill, so he can't go to London with his grandparents. Amka is going to stay in.
Jessie and Karine were at kindergarten.
Cael is not ready for the dress yet. Mae hopes to have it soon.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad. Conrad is 5 years younger than her.
Kongo's situation is terrible. The world's attention is now on Kongo. The elections were not done properly.
Margaret and Evans will meet on the 4th and 11th of December at 10:00 or 11:00. They will also meet on 14th.
Bradley is busy at work. Joanne wants to talk to him.
Pete got an interview. Iris's husband is famous. Pete's parents are happy for him. Pete will be home in an hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Ken, Julia, Gerardo and George will add her back to the group. Gerardo will ask the peeps leaving early to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Conny has to write a paper for next week. He did his research on the internet and found nothing. Fitz suggests he goes to the library.
Archie thinks Melanie looks like Melanie with straight hair. Louis thinks she was hotter when she had cury hair.
Carly and Cindy are laughing at her.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling this Friday at 7 pm.
Sam doesn't think he likes her because he's not talking to her at all. Cathy thinks he's looking at her when she doesn't see him. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess had a dream about a lion tamer last night. Lynn and Charlie believe that dreams reflect our subconsciousness.
Charles is worried about his gluten intolerance. Monica suggests he should stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better.
Ulysses, Peter and Julia got an A, while Julia got a B. They can check their grades online.
Ralph told Andrew a joke about a Polish battleship.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. It was 80 euros. She will return to Amsterdam.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture. They are from Crazy Lenses.
Linda is on a flower market. She wants to buy flowers for her mother. Michael advises her to buy freesias.
Tim will be here about 20 past. Gary will try to delay the main presentation.
Marcus will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4. Anna will call Mark and give him Marcus' number.
Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to do it before work on 18th.
Louisa will bring Thelma a red velvet dress.
Megan and Joseph are going to the opera. Joseph will take his car.
Carl is waiting for Meg. She needs 5 minutes more because she lost her key somewhere.
Ben is looking for programmers. He and Kim are going to have pizza with coke tonight. Ben will give Kim a rain check.
Stan Lee is dead.
Maria is tired of her job.
Ryanair cancelled flights affecting 400,000 more passengers. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. The man who caused it was caught and will pay for the rehabilitation. Rachel will give her aunt a hug.
Monica got drunk and kissed Ross at an office party two months ago. She's pregnant. Ross is married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. He had 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head. The low tide is at 2:22 pm tomorrow.
Benjamin didn't go to the basketball game on Friday night because his mother is sick. His team won the game 101-98. Benjamin will attend the next game next weekend. He will talk to Alex later.
The audition starts at 7.30 p.m. on Antena 3.
Marta clicked something by accident.
There was a meet and greetings with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and 8000 people attended. British media made some negative comments on it.
Rachel sent Janice a list of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice watched almost all 50 of them. She watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers twice.
